let me explain you see the clothes that
I had before I have when you're talking
to a lady
you take your hat
the rollicking romance of a gambling
hooker who loses his heart to a
beautiful dance teacher in a very mad
chase melody and birth to the builting
tunes of six hit song by Jerome Kern and
Dorothy Fields the hilarious comedy
addictive or Helen Broderick and Eric
lore spectacular production numbers
stunning beauties and the toe-tapping
magic of the king and queen of
captivating rhythm Fred Astaire and
Ginger Rogers gotta get married I
wouldn't let you marry her for $10,000
how about 20 not for $20
ever never change
keep that wrench won't you please
arrange it as I just away just no way
to